Use Vagrant for provisioning test VMs (#103)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: tools/vagrant/README.md

# Vagrant VMs

This folder contains different [Vagrant](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vagrant)
setups for virtual machines which are intended for testing Ankaios. And thus they
already come with Podman pre-installed.

## Setup

> In order to use these virtual machines, Vagrant needs to be installed and also
> VirtualBox, which is used by Vagrant to create the VMs. Vagrant should be
> installed on the same host OS as VirtualBox, eg. on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use these virtual machines, Vagrant and VirtualBox need to be installed. 
VirtualBox is used by Vagrant to create the VMs. Please note that Vagrant should be
installed on the same host machine as VirtualBox, e.g. on Windows.
```
